RELATIONSHIP JUSTIFICATIONS:
1. Employee to Covid_App_health_Report: (One to Many) It is a weak entity as they depend on each other. Employees must take one Covid test as a precaution; taking multiple tests is optional; however, the multiple Covid test reports are linked explicitly to each employee.
2. Covid_App_health_Report to Result: (One to One) It is a Strong entity as it is independent.The test result will either be COVID-positive or COVID-negative, but each result is linked explicitly to each report, with each report having one test result. 
3. Temperature to Covid_App_health_Report: (One to One) It is a weak entity because the temperature is required for the report; for every temperature, there will be a specific report ID, and for every temperature’s user_id, there will be one report ID.
4. Employee to Temperature: (One to Many) It is a strong entity as both does not depend on each other’s result. The employee must record one or many temperatures for better results, but every recorded temperature is linked to a specific employee.
5. Employee to Covid_Test: (One to Many) It is a strong entity as every employee is independent in taking the Covid test, and the employee may have to take multiple Covid tests if they contact the infected person, but the multiple Covid test reports are linked explicitly to each employee.
6. Covid_Test to Covid_App_health_Report: (One to Many) It is a weak entity as both entities are dependent on each other as the covid test will send the result to Covid_App_health_Report and Covid_App_health_Report without result is useless, as the employee must take one Covid as precaution and he/she might have to take a test again if he gets in contact with the infected person.
7. Covid_test to Temperature:(One to One) It is a Strong entity as the covid test requires temperature output for detecting, for every temperature it will have only one result. 
8. Employee to meeting room: (One to Many) It is a Strong entity as both can exist independently as the employee may attend one or more meetings in that room, and the meeting room may have zero or more employees. 
9. Employee to Notification: (One to Many) It is a strong entity as both independent depend on each other. The notification is sent to each employee informing about the infected person so that he/she can take precautionary measures. the employee must have one precaution COVID test notification, but he/she may or may not have come in contact with the infected person, and every notification is linked with a specific employee ID.
10. Result to Notification: (One to Many) It is a strong entity as the notification is independent on the result, so it broadcasts the name of an infected person to the rest of the employees. The notification on that particular day may get one or many results about who got infected.  
11. Result to Tracing_Record: (One to One) It is a strong entity as the tracing record independent on the result of the infected employee, so that it can backtrack all other employees. As every result is linked to a specific employee and every infected employee will have only one result
12. Result to Daily_Record: (One to Many) It is a strong entity as both are independent on each other; the daily records will recieve the result of the infected person so that it can keep a record of how many people on that specific day got infected: as on that specific day it may receive one or more results of Covid negative patients. 
13. Notification to Daily_Record: (One to Many): It is a weak entity as both are dependent on the daily records need to send notifications to one or many employees so they may take precautionary measures
14. Employee to Tracing_Record: (Many to Many) An employee who tests positive can result in multiple contact tracing events, but each contact tracing event is linked to multiple positive employees who were present in that meeting room, and send them precautionary notifications; for this, we have used disjoint and overlapping entities.
15. Tracing_Record to Notification: (One to Many) It is a weak entity as both of them are dependent on each other. when the notification is broadcasted, it will need the input tracing record to send a notification to one or more contacted employees so they may take precautionary measures
16. Employee to Daily_Record: (One to Many) It is a strong entity as they both can exist independently as the output of daily record would not bother the employee where he /she has covid,The employee may receive more than one record who is getting COVID-positive or COVID-negative, but the daily record will be sent to multiple employee.
